In the universe there are spacefaring entities that are entirely non-corporeal. They exist as just their [[Soul]] and are also the only known entities to be able to manipulate their own flux. These souls will travel the cosmos in search of their forever homes, a tree whose branches will grow into these soul's bodies. When a [[Soul]] inhabits a body, it becomes a golem.

Golems are wooden beings whose bodies are shaped by the soul that inhabits them. Every golem is unique in their form and function. These golems are passive entities who aren't born with malice or desire other than their objective respect for life and pursuit of existence. They do not need to eat but will farm food for their organic friends. To attack these golems would be a crime against all life itself.

Souls can freely enter and leave their corporeal bodies at will but will rarely do so. If a golem's body is damaged it can be repaired with the soul's energy. However if a golem's body is destroyed beyond repair, a soul will linger in the area, void of purpose before they disappear from sight.

Souls have an aspect etched into their soul. A soul cannot use their aspect unless they take a physical form AKA become a golem.

Golems are not perfect beings, there is a major flaw in their bodies and that their soul can be misplaced in their body. It is currently unknown how this happens but if a soul is to become lost to its own body, it will be trapped there and many terrible things will happen. The golem will become unrecognizable, they will attack blindly at the world whether or not there is anything to attack in their area. This will cause a great deal of destruction to the environment. In this destruction the golem will expend an enormous amount of energy causing significant damage to its own body and even its soul. Eventually the soul will be destroyed, permanently. This so far is the only known way a soul can be killed. After this event, at the location where a golem had perished will lie a sapling where a new tree will grow, giving new bodies to the souls who find it.